Documented kzg-trusted-setup CLI option (#1409)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/cli/options.md

For development use only, the `memory` option provides ephemeral storage for sync testing and debugging.

### `kzg-trusted-setup`

<!--tabs-->

# Syntax

```bash
--kzg-trusted-setup=<PATH>
```

# Example

```bash
--kzg-trusted-setup=/etc/besu/kzg-trusted-setup.txt
```

# Environment variable

```bash
BESU_KZG_TRUSTED_SETUP=/etc/besu/kzg-trusted-setup.txt
```

# Configuration file

```bash
kzg-trusted-setup=/etc/besu/kzg-trusted-setup.txt
```

<!--/tabs-->

> Use the `--kzg-trusted-setup` CLI option to pass a custom setup file for custom networks or to
> override the default setup file for named networks.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path to the [C-KZG-4844](https://github.com/ethereum/c-kzg-4844) trusted setup file. Use this option to pass a custom setup file for custom networks or to override the default setup file for named networks.
```
